S3-BOX: update installation tutorial to reflect current firmware (#31513)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/voice_control/s3_box_voice_assistant.markdown

   - Your ESP32-S3-BOX is connected to Home Assistant over Wi-Fi. You can now move it to any place in your home with a USB power supply.

10. If you want, you can process the wake word on the ESP32-S3 device, rather than on your Home Assistant server. (The server is the device where Home Assistant is installed, for example on Home Assistant Green).
    - Under **Devices**, on the ESP32-S3-BOX entry, select **Device** to open the device page.

>     - Under **Wake word engine location**, select **On device**, if you want your wake word to be processed locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Under **Wake word engine location**, select **On device**, if you want your wake word to be processed on the device itself, and not in Home Assistant.
```

Note; We avoid calling this "flavor" local wake word. Both are local in regards to our definition (NEither use cloud)

      - Local processing is faster.
      - The wake word is now *Okay Nabu*.

>       ![ESP32-S3-BOX-3 on device wake word processing](/images/assist/wake_word_engine_location.png)

Reviewer: It is "In Home Assistant" not "On Home Assistant"

- On Device
- In Home Assistant
